This is a good quality lower priced hairdryer. If you want better than your average conair at Target, this is it. Definitely a step up. However, I have since moved up to the Babyliss dryers in the $50-$60 range, and have to say...huge difference and I will never go back! They are amazing. But if you are limited by this price, it is a great dryer.
Good dryer for curly hair
I would not buy this again.  It works well and does its purpose.  My complaints are it is heavy and loud!
I read all of the reviews and decided to go ahead and buy this hairdryer in July 2013. It is a good, quiet hairdryer that I enjoyed for 16 months. However, just like the other reviews suggested, there is, indeed, a problem with this product as it has started to &#34;spit&#34; sparks as I'm drying my hair which is clearly dangerous. Although 16 months have passed I find it hard to believe the manufacturer wants a dangerous product out in the marketplace. According to the return policy, I am not able to get a refund or a new product so BUYER BEWARE! This product can be dangerous and their policy doesn't seem to address this situation. Amazon, please consider what you might do to help this situation given the product is spitting sparks within inches of your customers' faces. Perhaps you should discontinue selling it...
Works great.  I have very long and thick hair, it used to take up to an hour to dry my hair with my old dryer.  This is fast and works great.
The best blow dryer I've ever used.  Ever.  I could go on and on about all the great features, how powerful it is, and even how great it looks but the best feature, for me, is the non-slip exterior.  I can't tell you how many times my old blow dryers went crashing to the floor due to their slippery casings, but the texturized exterior on this dryer allows me to get a good grip r - and keep that grip - throughout the entire drying process.  The best!
Great hair dryer for the price.  I battle frizz a lot, and this dryer does a great job controlling frizz while drying my hair.
I already had one of these as my grown children recommended this great hair dryer.  I just bought two more to have in our condo for vacation rentals.  It is so nice to stay in a place that has a decent hair dryer.  This is the one!
Works great, heat settings are good, but it is very heavy and it's so long.  I had to stretch my arm way out so the heat wasn't too close to my hair.  Definitely not for travel since it is so big.  But it did dry my hair.
I have been using this Remington hair dryer for several years now. I think the one I am currently using is my 3rd, and this recent purchase is my backup for when the current one runs its course.  I am particular in wanting a hair dryer with oomph. I like hairdryers with big bursts of hair - basically that are loud and fast.  I grow impatient with many other models.  This one fits the bill just right.  I also like the look and feel.
Great price and coality! Thank you Amazon!
Amazing!!!!  I have never had a blow dryer so powerful that has so many settings.  I like that you can have the same blow power with the cool setting without holding down a button.  Love it!  Great price for great quality!!
I've had this hair dryer for about three months and am overall really pleased. My previous hair dryer was about five years old and kicked the bucket. This one is much better than that one, though like I said, it was a little older. It dries my hair in about half the time and I use both of the diffusers that came with if often.<br /><br />My reason for giving four starts over five is that the placement of the buttons for speed and heat are RIGHT where I want to put my hand while using it. They are pretty big, so if I keep my hands there I often hit them. Readusting my hand solves this problem but since it makes it a slightly less comfortable experience, I think four stars is appropriate.<br /><br />I have not (yet) had the issue of the outside wearing off, mine still looks new.
Purchased for my wife, and she loves it.
I really wanted to like this (especially when it arrived super fast -- within 24 hours of ordering).  Sadly, the cord was short, and it was difficult to hold and use without accidentally switching the buttons.  It left my hair feeling like straw.  Time to try another!
Gets rid of the frizzies.  Perfect!
This is a great hair dryer! I watched the utube video of the woman with naturally curly hair and how she used this particular dryer because I have permed hair and need a diffuser and medium air pressure to dry my hair but still keep the curls. My previous Sassoon hair dryer did a great job of drying as well as maintaining my slowly diminishing &#34;old perm&#34; curls but with a little scrunching with mousse and my old, non ion ceramic dryer, my curls still looked good.<br /><br />With my purchase of the Remington AC2015  &#34;pearl, ionic&#34; dryer additions, I looked forward to the same old but better.....My hair is much more shiny and less frizzy, yes, but I do have to work with scrunching/spray to get those curls that I had when drying with my old non-pearl ceramic, etc. hairdryer. I think the ceramic or pearl or ionic features of this dryer are wonderful but, for someone like me with a loose perm of about 10 months, the dryer makes my hair just &#34;too smooth&#34;.<br /><br />Am certain this model would be perfect for all those ladies with gorgeous, thick hair who want the smooth look at a very very good price.<br /><br />Diffuser is included which did entice me to purchase this hair dryer as I do need to use a diffuser. BTW, reviewers have said dryer could be lighter in weight but it's perfectly OK with me. I felt my old dryer was OK regarding weight and feel this one is, as well. Not noisy at all, despite what some have said. I use it on medium airflow and medium heat and I'm very happy - not loud and I could definitely use the dryer for as long as it took to dry my hair if I had long hair w/o freaking out because of its noise.
This hair dryer is just alright. I have fine wavy hair, but a lot of it, and needed a hair dryer with a diffuser. After looking through reviews I decided to purchase this one over some cheaper models or buying the same Vidal Sassoon model I've owned for many years.<br />My first impression was that I was shocked by how heavy it was, because it's ceramic. It can be sort of awkward to use before you get used to it. Secondly, the difference between the &#34;warm&#34; to the &#34;hot&#34; setting is pretty big. The &#34;warm&#34; on mine has barely more heat than the &#34;cool&#34; setting and the &#34;hot&#34; setting is too hot to use for more than a minute or two. The &#34;hot&#34; also makes my hair super frizzy, but that's fixed by blasting it on the &#34;cool&#34; setting after the heat. But I do worry that it damages my hair. I would use the &#34;warm&#34; setting if it didn't take so long.<br />This hair dryer is kept at my boyfriend's and I only use it to dry the roots of my hair with the diffuser to give them lift, so it doesn't see much use. Because I don't use it often I can get over the negatives of the dryer and it is alright for me. If I had to use it every day or dried more than the roots of my hair I would return it.
Love it! Dries hair fast without tangles!
Good solid unit.  Feels super well constructed.  I am an electrical engineer and appreciate the solid heavy motor.  This likely means it will last.  It moves a bunch of air.  It heats quickly and strongly without odor.  Does a terrific job on hair.  Noise level is quite low for the amount of air its moving.  The surface finish remains excellent after 6 months of heavy use.  My wife loves it.  The buttons are placed such that neither one of us inadvertently changes the settings during use.  Neither of use uses the attachments so no help there.<br /><br />While I stress the solid feel of the unit as a good thing, I don't feel it is too heavy and neither does my wife.  I guess it depends on your expectations.  It will probably strike some as too heavy.  Not us.
Just got the Remington last week, cant be more happy with it. The three temperatures on it are just right I am excited to say that  there is an actual difference between hot and warm air. Unlike most other hair dryers this one does not damage or overheat  my hair.  After I'm done using it my hair feels soft and doesn't feel tangled.<br />Another great thing about it is the amount if air this little guy pushes out. I can dry my hair on a cool setting withing 5 minutes no problem, and if I use warm air it takes me about 3 minutes.<br />This hair dryer is pretty light weight so styling my hair easy and takes little time.<br />Love this model especially with the cost of it. It's a GREAT BUY. If you are in the market for a good hair dryer,  and are looking for a reasonable price this is it.  worth every penny.
I have always hated blow drying my hair, but this dryer makes it easier due to the handle being so thin. I usually use it on low settings and it works great. I love this hair dyer.
I have had this for less than a month. I love it. But after the 2nd time I used it, it started sending BLUE SPARKS out! It is the best hair dryer ever, and I'm afraid to use it because it might explode or set my hair on fire. I know there is a warranty on it. I have just emailed Remington, but have not heard back yet. I would have given this 5 stars if it wasn't SPARKING IN MY HAND! Hopefully they will send me new one.
I liked this dryer a lot, and it was a great dryer for the price.  However, a month after the warranty expired it started shooting out green sparks and losing heat.  Probably won't bother with this brand again, as I see the same thing has happended to other users.
conforme con la venta y recomiendo al vendedor
I am very surprised to be writing a raving review about a hair dryer.  I never really gave much thought to my hair dryer and the potential damage it could do to my hair.  My last dryer (it was either a Clairol or Revlon-I threw it out after it starting throwing sparks) left my hair extremely dry after approximately two years' use.  I kept switching shampoos and conditioners, thinking that my hair was just changing and I needed to find a new product.  Turns out all I had to do was buy a new hair dryer!  Before purchasing this dryer, I read a few online articles that suggested a lower wattage dryer for fine hair.  That is basically how I ended up with this dryer-it was the lowest wattage dryer (besides a travel dryer) for a reasonable price.  I have only been using it for a few weeks now and the difference in the feel of my hair has been unbelievable - extremely soft!  In addition, the dryer is surprisingly quiet and dries my full head of hair in less time than my prior dryer.  Overall, I recommend this product.
This has to be one of the best hairdryers Ive bought. The plum sparkle coloring is spectacular. It is a little heavy but not real noticeable. The only thing that &#34;erks&#34; me is where the buttons are. If you are use to holding it a certain way, you may have to change that. I miss having a rewindable cord too, but thats okay with me. It is great! My hairstylist even thinks so!
Love it so far. Very strong blowing unlike some of the other dryers I've owned.
BEST.HAIRDRYER. EVER!  Love it!
Works well but both of us frequently turn of the hair dryer by accident because of knob placement..
I love, love, love this hairdryer!! It dries my in half the time my old one did. And it doesn't get hot to the touch like my old hairdryer did. My only complaint is that it's heavier than I expected but not so heavy that it's unmaneuverable.
Good but could have one option faster, but the rest work great for person how doesn't has a lot of hair.
I have used this blow dryer for about three years now and I love it. My daughter is constantly stealing it from me so I just purchased one for her birthday. Would you believe that was her favorite gift?
Quiet and fairly light. dries nicely without scorching. The pink hue on the buttons and filter housing was a surprise, as it didn't really show up in the photo, but , hey, it's just a hair dryer.
This is worth the money.  Don't waste your money on the cheap ones, spend a little extra and get one like this that is good for your hair.
I was excited to receive this blow dryer and be able to test it out, since I've done allot of research for a good quality inexpensive blow dryer with enough settings . Especially because I have fine hair, a blow dryer that doesn't get extremely hot was a priority. I absolutely love it , it's everything that i was looking for & i like the way it looks. Only one con is , it's pretty heavy. I would recommend this item
Quiet, dries hair quickly
Have had this less than a year and it's started to take much longer to dry my hair- the air isn't coming out as hot or a fast as it used to. And most recently it started throwing out green sparks. I'm getting a new one but won't be purchasing this again.
I've been through so many hair dryers that advertised as 'no frizz' 'lightweight' 'fast drying' and they weren't that great. Finally I purchased this one! I was in need of a new one, my hot tools one just wouldn't turn on anymore one day,  so I bought this one since it was inexpensive and had good reviews, and I'm in love! It used to take me about 10 to 15 minutes to dry my hair, with this dryer its been only taking me 5 minutes at the most,  I use the small nozzle,  and I get no frizz, and it feels so nice! I used to have to use frizz products with past dryers, but not with this one! I seriously recommend buying this
This is a really great hair dryer for the price. It's sturdy and the settings are awesome. I don't like to use a ton of heat when blow drying, so the medium/warm setting is perfect. The best part is the low/cool setting is actually cool! Most dryers are just warm. On top of that you can hit the cold button for extra. Love that. The air itself is pretty powerful, and it dries my hair pretty quickly (I have thick hair).    The only reasons I gave it 4 stars and not 5: the cord is a LITTLE short (but fine for in front of the mirror); it is SLIGHTLY heavy (but definitely sturdy), and I am used to hair dryers that can fold up (but I knew it didn't before I bought it).    I actually liked it so much that I bought one for a friend, too.
Great settings - 3 heat settings. Relatively quiet but a bit heavy.
This blow dryer was more annoying that useful.  I purchased this an an emergency dryer and mine gave up on me. What a disappoinment. The buttons kept swiching on there own from hot to cold to warm from medium to high heat. Just because the buttons are accidentally touched doesn't mean it should switch that easy. That alone did it for me. Also my hair frizzed up almost immediately after drying my hair. On the other hand my mom used it and although she also complained about the buttons switching easily,  her hair didn't frizz up my mine did. It stayed smooth.
This product runs quieter than I'd imagined and works absolutely great. Highly recommended.
I love this dryer!!!!  It is quieter than other dryers that I have owned and dries my hair in half the time.  It is a little heavier, but it is very well balanced so I don't notice anymore.
Love this product. Have had it for years and it still works great. Drys my hair in no time at all.
My mother really likes a Conair 225R Comfort Touch Tourmaline Ceramic 1875-Watt Hair Dryer that I got about a year ago, so I decided to let her have it and try a different one. I went with the Remington Ac2015 based on reviews. My hair dryer rating is based on speed and ability to keep my hair sleek and unburned, since I have plenty of hair and live in a humid place year-round. I have to say that while both the Remington and the Conair perform quite well, the Conair wins for me: it's noticeably lighter, and its sliding buttons are friendlier than the Remington's flipping ones.
This is a great hair dryer. Exactly what I was looking for - controls for both the temperature and fan speed. Highly recommend!
Quiet and fairly light weight. I have very long hair that usually takes 20+ minutes to blow dry. I use the medium temperature setting and it takes me still close to 20 minutes, but my hair is so soft afterwards that I don't even mind!
I saw other reviews talk about it being super powerful.  I don't find that, but it's quite adequate.  It IS heavy and big, but I'm ok with it, and I'm tiny.  I don't see how a dryer can be not heavy if it has good vibration damping and noise muffling, which this does.  I love the low noise level, as it is right by my ear, I've had enough of the loud flimsy light dryers in the past.  The only annoying thing is the buttons on the handle.  I have to be very careful when I move it around my head, it's easy to touch the buttons and change the settings unintentionally.  Also the head is LONG; I have long hair too, and I'm a tiny person.  Sometimes I grasp the blower part like pros do in salons, thank goodness for its low vibration.  Just that the beautiful silk finish gets oily from my hand that way.  Oh well, still a great dryer overall.  I've had it a year already.
It was great while it lasted - 5 months! Just stopped working.
My original own died after dropping it several times. Loved this dryer so replaced it. Gets hair dry fast and is not too loud.
I just used this dryer for the first time last night and I really like it. I have long thick slightly wavy hair that falls just below my shoulders. It usually takes 20-30 minutes to dry with a regular hair dryer and a paddle brush to keep it straight and tame the frizzies. The Remington Tstudio Pearl cut my drying time in half! My hair did indeed dry faster and came out smoother looking with a silky shine. To top it off, I barely needed to use my paddle brush to straighten it--only a few brush strokes here and there to keep it knot free. My only complaint is the cord could be a little longer. I have to plug my hair dryer up above my head next to the light fixture of our medicine cabinet and the shorter cord makes drying my hair upside down for added volume next to impossible. Other than that, I'm pretty satisfied with this hair dryer.
Dog hates it but it works great plus it's cute
Great product! I love it!
Great product and fast shipping!
Great & great color,very string. It's my 2nd one. Second because I lost 1st one due to my house burning.
Other than the pink trim [looks silver in photo], excellent dryer. Solid feel and powerful.
It feels sturdy and works well. The air doesn't come out as powerfully as my hairdryer before but it still get the job done pretty well. I like the 3 heat settings. The buttons are in a little bit of a weird place for me, when I hold it up while blowing my hair dry sometimes I accidentally hit the heat setting. There's not a lot of open gripping space.
excellent product, works fine. recomended
I bought this after trying a Remington dryer at a friend's house.  I was so impressed with the speed and fluffiness of my hair that I just had to have one.  It was then that I learned that all hair dryers are not the same.<br /><br />This Remington dryer dries my hair twice as fast as my old one and the attachment allows me to concentrate heat where I want it, so I don't get the frizzies.<br /><br />This is the professional version of my friend's dryer.  It is noticeably heavier, and probably not necessary for a 2-person household.  On the other hand, it will probably last forever.<br /><br />It's dark brown with light pink buttons, which is aesthetically pleasing, but had no real impact on my choosing this model.
I purchased this dryer to cut down on noise & it did the trick. Much less noisy than my previous hair dryer. I like the look of it (darkish brown, with pale pink trim). It is NOT a light weight dryer.  If I had long hair, I think my arm would start to get tired! I like the switch location - near where your fingers go.
I really love everything about this hair dryer.  It is fast, has lots of settings, and black with PINK TRIM.  It is a little heavy, but it works so well I don't care.  I am thinking my old, cheaper hairdryers were too light and could not get the job done.  This cost a little more, but I am totally happy with it.  Get one!
I bought this hair dryer less than two months ago and it has stopped blowing hot air. I tried cleaning it, adjusting the settings, and pressing the &#34;test&#34; and &#34;reset&#34; buttons on the plug. Very disappointing!
The dryer arrived in good condition due to being carefully wrapped.  It was exactly as described.  The only thing I found that was<br />a slight  negative is that it is heavier than I expected.
Great hair dryer. good weight. I have coarse wavy hair that takes a long time to dry. This hair dryer does a better than average job of drying my hair quickly
Good Hair Dryer.  Nice weight, cord good length.  I just had to get used to the button location, it took a while for me to be able to dry my hair without accidentally hitting the off button accidentally.
This has cut my drying time in half! It's a bit heavier than I was expecting but still exceeded expectations.
Very quiet as advertised, a huge improvement over the last one my wife had that certainly was bad for her hearing.  Also produces good air speed and heat, both of which my wife was nervous about ahead of time.
work as what it was intended to do. Drys hair!
very well constructed hair dryer.. it's one of the heavy duty built that you can get for little price...
Very underpowered dryer.  It has a nice power black finish which is totally spoiled by pink control buttons and end surround ring - it might appeal to teens or tweens, but aesthetically unpleasing to an adult.  I exchanged it the day i received it for a Conair Pro which is much better.
I had one of these for ... 7? 8? years and it finally died. As in sparks flew out of it!! I ordered a newer version of the same dryer. Very pleased with it. Saw no reason to change.
I like it, it dries my hair quickly. However, I have long, wavy hair, and it gets caught easily in the fan of the dryer (ouch.) I wouldn't necessarily recommend this dryer for curly hair, even with the diffuser my hair gets pretty frizzy and falls flat.
Great product! Great seller
I bought this to replace the exact same model that I had for over five years. It is good but not as great as the former model which seem to have a tad more power (needed to dry extremely thick hair) and had a free spinning collar for the cord at the base which kept the cord from getting that spiral twist kinks. It was a great dryer, now downsized to good status. The sound is good, no irritating high pitch, which has been reason for me to return several dryers I have purchased in the past. Despite the loss of a star, it is still the best dryer on the market for thick course hair that seems to take forever to dry.
After careful review I spent the extra cash to purchase this hair dryer. I've had it for just over a year and it suddenly quite the other day. I doubt Remington will do anything since it's just past the one year mark. I feel appliances should last longer than a year. I've yet to see what Remington will or won't do. I emailed them today though I've read they have substandard costumer service. I just bought a 16. Conair since I figure it's going to break within 2 years anyway why spend the extra cash? It's working great so far and is much quieter than the Remington and the air is softer so my hair doesn't tangle while I style it. It also doesn't get blazing hot. It's easier to hold and it seems to be better for my hair. I love it.
What a great blow dryer for an even better price! This was recommended to my by my stylist and I'm so glad I didn't spend the big bucks on a salon brand dryer. This dryer makes such a huge difference in my hair compared to the Revlon I used to use. My hair takes half the time to dry and looks shiny and smooth when finished, just like it looks when leaving the salon. A great blow dryer really does make all the difference. Save your money and get this one, you won't regret it!
This hairdryer is pretty, smooth, and makes my hair incredibly shiny, soft, smooth and frizz free. It dries my hair quicker than other hairdryers and is quieter too. Love it!
The motor whines slightly & the &#34;coating&#34; on the body is flaking.  I do like the heat it can put out. I like the rubber &#34;bumper&#34; spots they have around. Cord is just long enough for me but I also knew length before ordering.
So glad to have a hair dryer that had a good range of temperatures.  And so much less noisy that my old dryer.  But the location of the buttons make it difficult to hold.  And the high speed does not work unless I press down on the top of that button. I will keep it, but am disappointed.
If you're extremely sensitive to sound and are looking for a quiet dryer, this is not for you.  Still had to wear earplugs during use; I wasn't expecting a whisper-quiet operation for the price, but this is NOT QUIET. It still woke up someone sleeping in the next room.<br /><br />Even using the dryer as far as I could reach from my head, while using a round ceramic brush, this thing managed to tangle and damage my fine hair. I now have tons of split ends that I did not have while using (what I thought was) an inferior dryer.  The $15 cheapo dryer I picked up at a big box store worked better at about the same noise level.
There is definitely potential to overheat.  At least that's what it smells like, so I don't use the hottest setting, but it is very quiet
So, I like quiet, powerful hairdriers. My last one broke, and I ordered this one. It does what it needs to.
This is a great hair dryer! It is a little heavy but it works so well, who cares. It has great temperature settings and dries hair fast!
We had one of these before and like it. This one is basically the same. It does have a funny sound to it that I don't think is normal which has me a little worried, but it still works fine I think.
I love this hair dryer! I've had it about 2 months so far. It's main benefit is it dries my hair a lot faster than my old hair dryer. I also seem to have less frizzies. It is a little heavy, but I got used to that really quickly. Several different heat and intensity settings also, which I like alot. It's not too loud either.
Great powerful not too noisy dryer for about a year, then it loses power.  Even at this price, I expect a blow dryer to last longer than a year of home use by one person.
I have been using this for for a few weeks and am impressed.  It replaced a 10 year old dryer and has made a difference in my morning routine.  It seems a bit heavier than my old one but the speed of drying is worth it.
After receiving a Conair cordkeeper for Christmas and only using it about 8 times, it died. Lucky I was able to get my money back at Walmart. So I decided to read lots of Amazon reviews on hairdryers in the $20-$30 price range and chose this one.<br />I loved it the first time I used it! It's a bit heavier but not bothersome at all, and I even have tennis elbow which prevents me from lifting things a certain way, if they weigh over 3# or so. This is very comfortable in the hands, has enough settings, a cold shot button, and most importantly, a diffuser for when I want to go from stick straight hair to beachy waves. The quality seems great and sturdy, I love the pink on it, and whatever the coating is is also pretty cool.<br />After my Conair experience, I don't have much faith in new hairdryers. I was using an old folding travel dryer I have (from 2007) that still works great and I plan on using for traveling, so my intent was to use the Remington for the diffuser. However, I think I will use it everyday, as it dries my hair fast and keeps it shiny and is just fun to use!
Absolutely love this hairdryer. It has a special grip coating that keeps it from slipping around, and is powerful enough to dry my thick hair quickly without frizzing
4 STARS BECAUSE IT IS A GREAT BLOWDRYER, BUT THE ONLY CON IS THAT THE CORD IS KIND OF SHORT. IT IS VERY EFFICIENT AND BLOW DRIES MY HAIR SILKY SMOOTH AND SLEEK, IT COMES WITH SOME ACCESORIES AS WELL WHICH IS A PLUS SUCH AS A DIFUSER. I WOULD RECOMMEND IT TO ANYONE FOR THE GREAT PRICE!
I don't think i'll ever be able to use a regular blow dryer again.  This one is the best ever.
This Hair Dryer is great and my really loved it as a gift, I would recommend this to all my friends and family
Best blow dryer for your $ !!!! I have coarse thick long hair... And this blow dryer gets my hair dry in no time! Definitely worth it! :)
Just because a hair dryer is pretty and sturdy does not mean I like it. It's very loud and very heavy. Also it's very powerful. I have natural curly hair and even with the diffuser it's too powerful and makes may hair frizz. I will be trying the Conair Curl Fusion Ionic<br />Ceramic Styler Hair Dryer because I heard it's better for curly hair and not as heavy or loud.
It arrive on time I like how it looks and is a good hair dryer for my hair and the price is great
This is a great dryer for this price range!! I owned one that died (didn't know about the 3 yr warranty, so I tossed it. Bummer!) and bought a Rusk Speed Freak (retail $120) after several of my friends raved about it.  However, after only a week of using that one - I've returned it and ordered another one of these. This is BETTER than teh Speed Freak and only costs a fraction of the price!
I love this dryer. This is my third one. I have purchased more expensive ones and this one is still better. The air flow is more directed so I get smooth hair without fly-aways like so many new dryers. It has a good temp as well.
The hair dryer itself is a great dryer for the price. I had owned one for 6 years before it broke. So I bought another one. But this one is a revised model of the original one I bought when these first came out. And they have considerably shortened the length of the cord. Very bad for  salon use or if your outlet is more then two feet away. Other then that I have no complaints about this product.
I purchased this product about a month ago.  It had good air flow, although I had hoped for more since my travel hair dryer surpasses it in air volume.  However, I thought it was sufficient. Then it just stopped working after about 3 weeks. It was still within the time frame of being returnable, so I did return it and Amazon has refunded me.  I will not repurchase.
Good quality, drys quickly without frying your hair.  Not as noisy as some dryers.  Light weight, sturdy.  It seems like it will last.  I would recommend it.
Product was purchased to blow dry my dog's hair because his doggy towels don't fully dry him thus I would recommend this product.
it's a pleasure hold this dryer in your hands, powerful yet elegant. I have had many of different dryers, this one is worth more than the price.
Love the dryer...salon quality...powerful, but easy to handle.  I'm glad there is also a cool setting to finish off the styling.
This dryer is really fast and does a nice job of making my hair already pretty smooth before having to flatiron it!
A month after receiving this dryer there was a problem with the switch when operated in the high position.  To make it operate you physically have to hold the switch in the high position. Wife said, she would use it and deal with the problem instead of being without a  hair dryer.  Other wise it performs as a hair dryer.
Great dryer.  I use attachment so my hair doesn't blow all over place. Dries hair quick! Looks good. Hope it lasts forever.
Thie texture on this dryer feels nice, but it's much heavier than my last one. It hasn't gotten &#34;sticky&#34; as some have noted, but I've only used it for a few weeks. It comes with a tiny diffuser, which was good, because my diffuser doesn't fit it. I wish I could get a larger one, but I'll have to look at an after market one - I'll probably have to take the dryer with me to make sure it will stay on. The dryer is pretty quiet and powerful, which is nice.<br /><br />One of the things I would change is the location of the buttons. I never fail to change the speed or heat when I'm using it. I use a stronger grip on it due to the weight, so it's easier for me to hit a button on accident.<br /><br />I wouldn't &#34;not&#34; recommend it, but I would suggest to keep looking a little bit more.
This hair dryer is easy to use and has lots of power. The rubberized texture is easy to grip and hold.
I am not very good at styling my hair but I find this dryer seems to be the correct temperature and has the directional stream going in the right direction.  Very easy to use.  I had used the dryer at my daughters and so decided to purchase it.  I would highly recommend it
I looked at blow dryers online for months before making this purchase, some costing hundreds of dollars.  On my wish list was a dryer with a salon quality motor for durability, variable heat and speed settings, ceramic, and ionic.  This dryer checks all the boxes.  The reason I give it four stars rather than five is because there is no ionic on-off switch (ionic on for smoothness, off for greater volume).  I was surprised and pleased to learn that this dryer carries a four-year warranty.  Many of the high-priced dryers had only a one or two year warranty.
This dries my hair so much faster than my old hair dryer. It gets hot enough but not to hot and I love that you can change the temp settings on it. The cool blast button also works very good. The cord is long enough and it is not to loud. Doesn't seem to dry my hair out and make it frizzy at all either. Would definitely buy again, very pleased.
My last blow dryer was a Remington and it lasted for well over 10 years. That is the reason I purchased this one. I looked at cheaper ones but kept coming back to this when it arrived I was not disappointed. It had all the features I wanted plus it feels sturdy in my hand not fragile like one drop and it's over. Also it drys quickly  and isn't terribly noisy.  If this one lasts half as long as my last one I will be a very pleased customer. Like I said I love it.
This dryer just feels like a quality build. After a week of use, I will say that it performs way beyond what I expected. While I have relatively short hair and this dryer gets the job done in about one-fourth of the time my old dryer did. I wouldn't have believed it if I hadn't experienced it.
I ordered this during the holidays, with the knowledge that my current dryer weas gonna go anyday, well it did, and I just opened this and used for two days, it makes a terrible, terrible, humming sound......and I can not return due to that I waited to long to open it and try it now my return date is past.
I have a lot of hair. It's waist length, and thick. I used a plastic Conair Ion Shine 1875 hair dryer prior to buying this one. I could dry my hair with the Conair in maybe 15-20min. With the Remington, I can dry my hair in 5-10min! As for the less frizz the pearl ceramic plate is supposed to deliver, I think my hair is less frizzier... I have no idea if this is because of that, or because this dryer can sustain heat and air flow well enough to straighten my hair better.<br /><br />The colors are a bit off from the product image. The removable cap on the back of the dryer is a darker shade of pink, while the buttons and the ceramic plate are a lighter pink (but the product image's pink is a lot lighter). The unit itself is a dark maroon or purple-ish sort of color. It's not black. The material is not plastic. It has an interesting finish... smooth but doesn't slide around on a marble countertop like plastic does). The entire hairdryer is a bit heavier than I'm used to, but it's not too much of a big deal as long as you keep your hairdryer steady and you don't swing it about. Since it dries my hair in just a few minutes, the weight really isn't an issue. The cord is a decent length, but I use this at the sink, so I don't need a very long cord.<br /><br />I like the extra heat so I always have my heat set to the third level. The second level is probably better for finer hair. My hair is thick, so I like more heat. The first level is only slightly warm. It's just slightly warmer than the cold shot setting.<br /><br />As for the air speeds... I also like to use the highest setting. The second highest setting is just as fine, but if I'm in a rush, I blast the settings to dry my hair quickly. The air flow is very strong, so with finer hair, you're probably better off at a lower setting here as well. I noticed that other reviews have said they actually keep the hairdryer about 8in from their head to avoid burns. Just to give you a better understanding of my hair, I use the highest settings for both heat and speed, and I place this a lot closer to my head than 8in. So much hair, and I like it long.<br /><br />Overall, hairdryer is heavy, but the heat and the air speed is fantastic for anyone with a lot of hair that's thick and long. Saves me time in the morning when getting ready, and my hair isn't as frizzy. Bonus points: After placing my order, I received this unit the next morning. I'm impressed with the Prime shipping speed with this one.highest settings for both heat and speed, and I place this a lot closer to my head than 8in. So much hair, and I like it long.<br /><br />Overall, hairdryer is heavy, but the heat and the air speed is fantastic for anyone with a lot of hair that's thick and long. Saves me time in the morning when getting ready, and my hair isn't as frizzy. Bonus points: After placing my order, I received this unit the next morning. I'm impressed with the Prime shipping speed with this one.
I used the blow dryer for the first time tonight and I love love love it! For one it is pretty and it has different temperatures you can choose from, and different air speeds. My hair is really frizzy, and the blow dryer helped to de-frizz my hair. Love it!!
I really liked this dryer so much that I bought a second one.  The problem with both dryers is that after about 18 months of use both have started shotting sparks out once they get heated up.  if you have your receipt you can ship back for a refund.  Seems it is a known issue and they should stop selling or fix the issue.
Dry hair extremely quick and leave hair in a perfect condition.<br />It needs less about half time than other hair dryer.<br />And the hair is smooth without any damage.<br />It is an impressive product.<br /><br />Cons is the weight. It is heavier than other brands.<br />However I don't have to hold it for too long since it dries hair super quick, hence the weight is not too big an issue to me.
Bought two of these, one for each bathroom.  I like the controls on the handle and the ability to adjust the temperature and the power while you're using it.  My husband, however, doesn't particularly like that feature -- I guess with larger hands he finds himself inadvertently changing the settings while he's gripping the dryer.  I also like three temperature settings, high, medium, and cool.  Too many dryers I've used before just have high or no heat.  I really like it; husband is just OK with it.
This dryer has plenty of power and is not too loud. Haven't used it alot yet but so far I really like it.
Pretty good hair dryer my dad inlaw sometimes  uses it to dry his clothes if that means anything and it hasn't burnt out yet.
I first bought this hair dryer because of the positive reviews left by other reviewers with thick hair. In the morning, I don't want to spend 20 minutes just making sure my hair is dry before I leave. I want some time to style, too.<br /><br />This hair dryer has a professional quality motor (1875 watt AC motor) which translates to stronger air flow, hotter air, and less drying time. That's exactly what I wanted and that's what I got. This hairdryer, with the airflow concentrator attachment, dried my hair in under 7 minutes, which is unheard of for me. It has 3 heat settings, 2 fan speeds, and a cool air shot button.<br /><br />BONUS: This hair dryer is quieter than a lot of others I've owned. It's still a hair dryer, so it'll make noise, but this one's noises are hushed.<br /><br />Besides its speedy drying, it's just a really pretty hair dryer. It's got an attractive black matte finish that's soft to the touch. It also features pretty pink pearlescent buttons and accents.<br /><br />CONCLUSION: I recommend this hair dryer to those who are looking for a quiet, yet powerful hair dryer to streamline their morning routine.
I had no idea how cheap my hair dryer was till I used this one. I bought this for my daughter for Christmas and tried it. It worked great! I liked hers so much I bought one for myself.
Best hair dryer ever. Super high power. I dunno if it has something to do with the &#34;ionize&#34; part , but it actually thickens up my hair. I'm 46 and it's getting a little thinner up top and man this thing does wonders for bringing a fullness to my hair. Can't go wrong with this one.
I love this hair dryer. It is a bit heavier than my previous one but my hair dreys faster so I don't mind.  The air blows really hot if you use the highest setting so it took a bit getting used to it, but I love it
I've had this dryer for 4 yrs. Best dryer I've  ever owned. Bit heavy but not unbearable. Problem is the finish degrades. It  now disgustingly sticky. If you know nars cosmetics compacts, that  how it gets. I'm tempted  to buy another one but looking for similar without that rubberized finish.
At this point I've had this hair dryer for over a year. I don't have any complaints it' works well. I blow dry my hair about 5 days a week.
This product id great. Really dries your hair without frizzing. only complaint is its a little heavy, but all in all great dryer
I am on my second one of these, I love them so much..I had the original for five years and it started to make a little noise..didn't want to be without one, so I ordered a second,..my best friend is still using it and I have my new one.
I needed a fast blow dryer that wasn't too expensive or really loud. This one did the trick. I've had it for awhile now and it's really held up. With me and my three teenage daughters using it, that's really saying something.
My wife was looking for a new hair dryer for quite some time.  She has gone through a few with her longer hair and she was sick of them constantly burning out or having issues.  The last one she has dims the lights when she would start it up and the transformer would get ridiculously hot.<br /><br />After reading many reviews of many different products, I chose this one and she absolutely loves it.  Thus far, it is a champ and does exactly what it is supposed to do.
This dryer leaves all the shine and body in fine hair without sacrificing drying time. It's evident now that the previous expensive, super powerful, tourmaline dryer was blowing the body and shine out of the hairstyle. Many bad hair days blamed on aging/change of life that were actually caused by the too powerful dryer.<br />With absolutely no changes to hair drying routine or styling products all hair drying sessions have produced good hair days. A most pleasant surprise to recapture more youthful hair.<br />This dryer is much quieter than the previous one. The brushed finish and brown body/pink accents feel good to the touch and pleasing to the eye.
Bought this dryer to help with my dense wavy hair frizzing when I blow dried it. This seem to do the job well. It has lots of options for heat and speed, and gets my hair dry faster than my old &#34;cheapy&#34; dryer. I have noticed less frizzing and my hair is smoother and shiner than before. I would give it good marks for value for money, it appears to do the job as well as more expensive ceramic dryers I looked at.
This is the best hairdryer I've ever owned!  Puts Conair and Revlon hairdryers to shame.  Time to look at other Remington products.  Finding quality these days is rare.  Happy with my purchase.
I purchased this hair dryer as a Christmas present and she loves it. The dryer warms instantly, looks great (the matte black....although the pink accent isn't my color), does a great job, and even has little rubber spots on the side, so that it doesn't slip (nice touch). It also has a removable filter that can be cleaned. For the price, I can't complain. I would definitely recommend this to others, as it does a great job at a reasonable price.
This is a great hair dryer. It has a nice weight to it and a nice smooth matte finish. I have very long hair and this hair dryer works faster than anything I've ever owned. It's also surprisingly quiet to use. I'm just sad I can't take it with me when I travel.
