I just got this last week. I think's great. The cord length is perfect.
After using the same blowdryer for probably 8-10years, I decided to upgrade to a new one. I have very thick (*VERY THICK!*) moderately wavy shoulder length hair. Due to my hair thickness, drying times were typically 30-45minutes. I wish I was joking. This dryer dries completely in under 15 minutes (about 10-12minutes more precisely). I am so thrilled with this dryer!! Can't say enough good things about it! I like the texture of the dryer itself, love the speed of drying and the cord is long enough to actually be able to use it! SCORE!
The ends are pink. Not what I expected
I was hoping for a quieter blow dryer. This is definitely quieter than my other dryer, but still not quiet. I also read all kinds of reviews that said this dries your hair so it's smooth and silky. The only thing that makes my hair smooth and silky is product!
Have had it for about 4 years and thought it did a good enough job.  I use it on  medium heat/blow settings and always clean the air intake screen at the first sign of lint.  However, it has recently been throwing out sparks and some actual flames.  At first it was a high pitched screeching noise, then popping, then sparks, now FLAMES!  It is in the trash and I will be looking for a better dryer.  Funny that my mother has had the same dryer for over 15 years, but this modern &#34;high tech&#34; stuff is just mass produced junk!
needs an expensive transformer
This hair dryer is one of the fastest drying hair dryers I've ever used. It also looks sleek and professional. I like that it comes with multiple attachments to give you the best blow dry you can get.<br /><br />I only have a few issues with this particular hair dryer. It blows really hard. Even on the slowest setting, the air blows out very forcefully. If I need precision drying, I have to use the diffuser attachment, otherwise my hair gets blown to smithereens. Another problem is the rocker switch design. When I'm using this, the rocker switch controls on the handle are very easy to push and I'm regularly having to reset my settings. After I while this gets very annoying.<br /><br />It seems to be lasting me pretty well. I've been using it almost one year and haven't had any trouble with its performance. I hope it lasts me a few more years.<br /><br />Overall, this hair dryer is usable but might cause some frustration.
Over heated in 2 minute! We had to return it and had to pay bubble rap to sent it back to Amazon. Good luck if you want to order this through online.
Great blow dryer, just a little more heavy than I expected
Love love love it. Best one yet.
very nice hair dryer and good price too!
Bought as a replacement for the previous version of this dryer because it finally stopped working after more than 5 years, but I was disappointed when I received it because the power cord is way too short and the power itself is not nearly as strong as the previous model. It'll work for now but I would definitely not buy it again.
The fan speed is stable and fast!<br />3 temperature selection is very useful, neither too cold nor too hot for me with short hair~~<br />Highly reommend!
It's a bit heavy but I LOVE IT! I have curly, frizzy hair and it has helped control it. The price it GREAT too. I can't compare it to a &#34;high end&#34; dryer but within this price range it's #1.
Quiet, excellent drying, doesn't get dangerously hot.
Love this! GREAT Power, adjustable speeds, works awesome!
I mean it works well. I just wish they'd label this as PINK AND BROWN.
The accent parts are pink..a light &#34;princess&#34; pink...something that is not totally obvious on a mobile screen. Not a big deal, but I would prefer white or black. Hair dryer has a good weight to it and it feels solidly built. Hot/cold function works fine. I would like a bit more volume to the air, something that all newer hair driers seem to lack. I have one from 1991 that is like a tornado on its highest setting.
Bought this for my girlfriend, she loves it. Can't give it a 5 because she doesn't believe in them, and I haven't used it for myself seeing how my hair is nearly to my scalp haha.
Please don't buy this. I used this for just 3 or 4 times and now started getting coil burning smell when I turn it on. It should go to trash now.
It arrived within 2-3 days and works perfectly. I have thick, frizzy, curly hair and never have been able to blow dry it because it gets so much poofier. However, with the diffuser this blow dryer made my curls shiny and soft, no frizz or poof, I'm in love!
Bought this for my girlfriend. She loves it!
Good functionality but Too heavy!
Problems using with uk adaptor
******update, 3 years and goin strong, good product   Original review -   Been over a year, love this thing, has different heat settings and attachments, is yeah and it's cute to boot
I just signed in to find when I ordered this and it was last October. It has worked fine until it began having little sparks in last couple of days internally. Would not recommend this because of that hazard and only getting less than 1 year out of it.
Great hair dryer. It is less noisy that my other hair dryer. Beautiful finish!!!
This item is pink and it is not clearly advertised as such.
I've been using this for a few months now and I..... love it ^_^ ! Its does a great job, I always use the cool setting and you know what it stays cool. Unlike other dryers that you have to keep holding a button, this one has a low temp setting that remain moderately temperature. The burst of cool air button gets even cooler. Thats what I really like about this dryer along with the slim design is very cool. Okay enough with the &#34;cool&#34; XD Its a great product, you won't be disappointed.
Love this hair dryer. For years, I had a terrible old dryer that wouldn't die. When it finally did, I was worried that anything new I got would be junky like so many electronics these days. I have had this hair dryer for about a year now and still love it as much as I did the day I got it. It dries really fast without being too hot to damage my hair. It has a satiny finish that feels nice in your hand too.
Awesome Power, Just A Little Heavy!!
Does a great job and meets all my expectations for heat and air.
Love it very very powerful. And gets hot if you need it to. Cord is average wish it was longer as this feels more like a professional blower. Love the feel of the blower too it doesn't slide out of your hands and it's not very heavy.
Great dryer. Dries quickly, love the different temperature settings. It is a little heavier than I expected, but so far, so good!
I bought this hair dryer because my last one finally died after about 5 years. I was looking for something inexpensive and high quality, which often doesn't go together.<br /><br />The good: For the most part, this dryer does exactly what it says it will. It dried my hair slightly faster than my previous dryer, and left it frizz free. I have very fine hair, so it almost always gets poofy. The tapered end made it easier to target the air to the rolling brush, which makes a big difference when compared to a snub nosed dryer (those aren't professional beauty terms, just the best words I can think of to describe the product). It's a decent size and easy to store. The motor is VERY quiet compared to other hair dryers I've used. My boyfriend gets up an hour later than I do for work, and he definitely appreciates the quiet motor.<br /><br />The bad: Just an aesthetic thing, it smells weird. To be fair, it's brand new so it's probably the smell from the packaging; but it also produces a faint odor when the motor runs that reminds me of like a toy blow dryer. I'll update the review if the smell goes away. For it's average size, it's fairly heavy. I'm not sure if it's because a larger motor, heavier materials, etc. I was using it for about 10 mins and my arm started to get sore! It's not insanely heavy, definitely manageable, but I would give it a higher ranking if it was a lighter and easier to hold. Also, the controls operate opposite any dryer I've ever had. So, instead of sliding the control up to get a faster speed or hotter temp, you slide down. That has definitely taken some getting used to. Finally, the attachments are just OK. They connect to the dryer well, but if you're like me, you are kind of a klutz when blow drying your hair. I usually knock the dryer with my brush or my hand at some point during the drying process and the attachments fall off at the slightest bump.<br /><br />Overall - it does what it says it will and does fine for what I paid for it. In hindsight, I wish I would've splurged another 10 or 20 bucks for something nicer.ight, I wish I would've splurged another 10 or 20 bucks for something nicer.
Great dryer! I have had this for several years and it still works great! Definitely recommend!
Good hair dryer for the price! thank you!
I have long hair so it used to take me over 10 minutes to dry my hair completely. Now i can get it dry in less than 5 minutes! It's also useful to know that when you have it on the low/medium speed, it's uber quiet. I can blow dry my hair at night without having to worry about waking my family members. Definitely worth the money.
**UPDATE 07/09/17**  This dryer has been getting very hot on the hand piece. It makes a click noise and then gets hot. I recently saw sparks shoot when the clicking occured and am scared to use it. My husband and I looked at it together and he was able to see it spark multiple times while on. I hate that this has occured but feel the need to warn others.<br />Original review: his almost perfect. I love the finish. Very hot with several great settings. Its a bit heavy. The cord is a bit short. My hair has been sucked into the mesh filter in back several times, knotting it and burning it. I have longer hair and this happens when I flip my head over and the ends touch the back of the dryer while drying roots. I have had to learn to keep space. I would buy it again though.
The electrical plug was unsteady from day one. Now, less than six weeks later the plug won't stay in the outlet at all.  It has been a little over 30 days so I cannot return it to Amazon.  I am very disappointed.
Great dryer. It is very powerful and gets my hair dry much faster than my old one.
I bought Remington Ac2015 Tstudio Salon Collection Pearl Ceramic Hair Dryer almost a years ago (02 August 2014), and it is a great hair dryer - definitely a 5 stars.<br /><br />Both I and my husband (and occasionally our dog) have been using this hair dryer on a daily basis - we're among those people who always dry their hair - and it still works perfectly.<br />I am quite picky when it comes to hair dryer: I like them to be powerful enough to dry my hair quickly, but I also want them to be gentle not to kill my hair. The Remington AC2015 does its job nice and quickly.<br /><br />I have long (almost waist length), thick, and very straight hair. I wash them every 2-3 days using natural products (Lush shampoo and conditioner), and also oil them a couple times a week (Jojoba oil + either rosemary or lavender essential oil). I use a wooden brush - but only when they're dry. So yes, I really love and care for my hair! But when it comes to drying them, I can't imagine to spend a lot of time doing it. My drying routine is simple: 1) I remove most of the water with a towel (gently) and use my fingers to remove tangles; 2) then I blow-dry my hair upside down; 3) finally, I brush them. The whole procedure takes me approx. 15 minutes, using the maximal power (level 3) and heat (again 3) of the hair dryer.<br /><br />My husband has way shorted and fewer hair than I do, straight and thin. He uses my same shampoo and conditioner, but won't do anything more than that. He wouldn't need to use a hair dryer, but love the feeling. It takes him less than a minute to be perfectly dry.<br /><br />My dog is a Scottish Terrier - so she's small but has longish and super thick fur. We wash her in the bathtub with natural Castille soap. To dry her fur, we first wrap her in a towel, and remove most of the water, then we use the hair dryer alternating medium heat (level 2) and cold air to avoid burning her skin. When she starts being somewhat dryer, we use her brush to attack the most hidden hair (e.g. armpits). It takes us approx. 1 hour.<br /><br />To sum up, this hair dryer is durable and high quality - a great bang for the buck!
Beat blow dryer! My husband purchased one for me at Ukta for $80. It had a short in it and blew up. I purchased this one off Amazon. I have crazy thick hair. It takes me about 15-20 minutes to blow dry. This cuts the time down in half. It is on the heavy side and the buttons are in a horrible place, buy I love it!
This hair dryer is by far the best one that I have ever owned! The price was definitely right! I love how quiet it is compared to other hair dryers that I have owned! It has three heat settings and three speed settings along with the cool button that you can press to get a blast of cool air. It dries my hair a lot faster than other hair dryers and it leaves my hair feeling softer than when I dry it with other hair dryers. I would definitely recommend this to others!
My girlfriend has had this for 3 days, so obviously comments on longevity can't be included. It works well, light, cute colors, can't complain.
My old hair dryer quit on me.  So this one has been used since the day it arrived.  I love it, and it does a great job of blowing my hair dry.
Exactly what was described is exactly what I needed! Working great!
Works great and does dry very quickly.  My only complaint, and it bugs me daily, is that the switches are right where you have your fingers and they're easy to flip so I am constantly turning it off/on while drying.  That's annoying.
BROKE 2 DAYS AFTER 30 DAYS SO I CAN'T RETURN OR EXCHANGE (ON AMAZON) FOR A NEW ONE! DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY!<br />I did like the dryer while it lasted, LOVED THE COLOR, however to pay money for something to work for less than 30 days, it was shipped so I lost a few days there, is a joke.  This might be the best dryer, per stars and rating on Amazon, but for the money, go to the local CVS or Rite Aid where you can take it back and exchange the product when it breaks.  Oh well, sorry AMAZON PRIME you get &#34;0 STARS&#34; for this one too... sad because I buy almost everything with Prime.
It blows.  Hot.  Really well.  Amazing stamina.  Plug it in and it never stops.  Not expensive.
So heavy I felt like I was lifting weights. This went back the same day.
Not thrilled about this one. It's cheap and it shows. Heavy to hold and dries the hair on the slower side. It doesn't have that hurricane effect as some other cheaper model. I wouldn't recommend it.
I guess I've always been using sub-par hair dryers, this one blows them out of the water (pun very much intended)<br /><br />Thank you to everyone else who posted a great review, this is a great one to buy and I'm glad I came here to read reviews before I purchased.  It's pretty, very powerful, and my only gripe is the buttons are reversed from my last dryer so I'm constantly making it hotter instead of turning it off :)<br /><br />10/10
Love hair dryer. Wish the cord was longer like the original dryer purchased a few years ago!  Why did they shorten cord??
love this dryer.  it's quiet but powerful, and the 'cold' button really works without losing power! (unlike the last dryer I had). other reviewers mentioned it's weight, and yes it does feel more weighty than some dryers, but it's not a problem for me, sorta feels like it's more industrial and not cheap.  the outside texture of the dryer is nice too.  overall I think it was a great buy!
This hair dryer doesn't function well after I used it for a month. It just suddenly became so hot and the wind was not as strong as before. Also it is a little bit heavy.
I bought this hair dryer at Target several years ago, and was SOOO impressed with the power, that I would randomly talk to people about my new hair dryer!!  I had long hair at the time, and it cut drying time down significantly.  Also left my waivy hair perfectly straight and silky smooth.<br /><br />I do think after a few years, the Ion starts to lose effectiveness (on all hair dryers I've ever had).  I had it for at least 4 years, before the back filter broke, and then my hair started getting sucked into the back.<br /><br />So I tried several different dryers, even expensive name brand ones like Babyliss, none that I really LOVED like this one.  I recently chopped my hair off, and am using a less powerful dryer.  But after realizing my love for this dryer, I went ahead and bought a second one, and have it put up in my closet, to use again once my hair grows back out, and I need that 'power' to straighten and dry quickly<br /><br />Only CON is that is IS a bit heavy... after having no luck with lighter ones, I realize the weight is worth it.
Just as fast drying as promised.  Glad for the force choices.  The high speed seems to tangle my straight bob
The dryer has several good features, and I especially appreciate the cool setting and how the cool button delivers air with absolutely no heat at all.  Other dryers I've had have produced still slightly warm heat even when the cool button is used.  Not this one!!!!  The downside for this dryer is the diffuser attachment.  It is much too small and does not diffuse well enough to not have my fine 2 b/c wavy hair not blow all over.  Luckily I was able to use a diffuser attachment from my dryer that fried recently (prompting this purchase).  Otherwise I would have had to return this dryer, even as much as I'm loving the cool air feature.  Hence only a three star rating.
Like most reviews I have the same comments.  A little heavy but doesn't really bother me.  I wish there was a removable grill/screen on the back to prevent hair from getting in.  I like that it isn't too loud.  It is a good hair dryer and a decent price.
I've had this hairdryer for 7 months, and today it died.
works great - the 2 nozzles come on and off fine - much lighter than my previous dryer.
Good power and nicely styled.
Awkward grip on handle, it kinda bugs my finger holding it. Doesn't dry my hair as fast as other blow dryers I've had.
Bought this about a year ago and recently it starting having green sparks inside of it and today it stopped blowing warm air. Very disappointed in the quality. Would not but it again.
It took me waaay too long to find a hair dryer that I didn't think was going to start a fire or ruin my hair. I decided on this despite some bad reviews, and am glad that I did. It's pretty (I know this isn't important to some people), and it dries really well. I haven't had any problems with it and love the accessories that came with it.
I heat style pretty frequently and unfortunately burn out a lot of hair dryers. I haven't invested in a more expensive one and I may not need to. This baby is enduring through my blowouts! The ion technology is fantastic - it leaves my hair soft and smooth! With regular cleaning this has lasted longer than any other one I owned and really is keeping my hair in good shape. It's a great supplemental dryer as well and the coating is easy to grip along with a nice, light weight.
Great dryer.  Lightweight and easy to handle.  Great heat and cool features.
I have purchased many blow dryers and this one has been my favorite.
Does what it is supposed to do. Could maybe blow air a little stronger but otherwise, a perfectly good hair dryer. Comes with a diffuser and a concentrator (that I will never use...)
I bought my first one four months ago and returned it because it was shooting sparks after two months.  I thought it was an anomaly and bought a second one like a ding dong when first one was shot and it caught on F I R E  yesterday...F I R E...really, Revlon?
I really like this hair dryer! Although it's a bit heavy on my hands as I'm using it, it leaves my hair looking shiny and smooth with minimal frizz. It also dries my hair efficiently and quickly. Highly recommend it and it's at a great price!!
A little heavy on the hand but works well.
This hairdryer is the best I have had!!!  It is much better than even my $125 hairdryer.
Dries as it should with aesthetic looks.
Better than my old one. This gets the job done faster and a lot quieter.
this product did not work at all, it seems to be newand fine but never went on
A lot of power.  Heavier than some hair dryers that I have previously owned.  Doesn't get as hot as I would like it to, but still styles your hair effectively.
So this blow dryer has a purple hint of color just an fyi and love it. I used it for the first time because my other blow dryer would cause a lot of split ends, instantly. So I used it for the first time and no split ends, yay!. I also did use another blow out product with this blow dryer which you should try to prevent split ends. I use the RedKen Satinwear Blow dry Lotion before I start blow drying and both combined work wonders. Your hair will look like you just came out of the salon.
I love the amount of air it produces and the multiple heat and blow settings!
Would give zero stars if allowed. The day it arrived, took it out of the box, plugged in and nothing. Just a big puff of smoke that smelled awful. Unplugged and it continued to smoke. Very disappointed in this. Thought I have found a trusted manufacturer and decently priced hair dryer. Back it went for return.
Great dryer, easy to hold, made really well, drys hair in no time at all
Great deal. Love it except it is a little heavy.
Dries my hair quicker than my older one.  A little heavy though
This works well.Very gentle and it makes my hair smooth.Bought it for a few months and works well.
So far it is working lovely! It dries my hair very fast though it does not have the changing voltz feature I like it! Is a little heavy but you can see it is of good quality! Hope electric accident won't happen.
works great!  Just a little heavy.
very disappointed- i have bought this exact product about 5-6 times over the last 8 years- it was awesome- great heat great weight attractive-etc. but the last 2 i ordered from amazon the plug in design changed and it fits to loosely into the wall socket- and sparks- which is scary- i love the hair dyer itself- but the new design of the plug in is faulty- what can be done?????
Hair dryer is perfect and haven't had any problems since purchase!
This hair dryer is amazing!<br /><br />only flaw: there's no swivel cord, making it resist moving around.<br /><br />Otherwise, its great! the PERFECT size for my weekend bag and there are plenty of settings.
I bought this Two days ago as my old dryer (conair 1875 watt) hasn't been drying as well lately.  I was impressed immediately with this dryer.  It is beautiful.  It is slightly heavier than my last one,  but it cut drying time considerably so I don't think this will be an issue.  It has three speeds.  It has three temperature settings. The highest is hotter than any blow dryer i have ever used.  I just dried my hair with it and my naturally wavy hair is so straight that I don't need to break out my flat iron. Yes, I am amazed by this thing! The medium heat setting is equivalent to my last dryers hottest setting.  I have twin daughters that are young and I think the only setting cool enough to dry their hair with is the lowest heat Setting. This dryer is so powerful,  yet a ton quieter than my previous dryer. My husband even commented on how quiet it is. My husband also liked the fact that it is heavier.  Being a mechanic he said it probably has a stronger,  more durable motor. I was reading the booklet that was included, and this dryer has a four year warranty.  That's pretty astounding considering the price point.  I love this dryer,  and I'd buy it again in a heart beat.  I'm thinking about buying another one to store,  because I seriously love it that much!  Go buy it!
Powerful, and quiet. It doesn't have that high pitched whine. It doesn't get super hot and doesn't have to because it's powerful enough. Other dryers would make my hair hot to the touch or burn my hand. My hair seems to be healthier and smoother after using this for a couple months too!
Fairly quiet as hair dryers go. Like the attachments. LOVE the brown and pink color.
Very pleased with the dryer.  It's a little heavier than my last one, but does a great job. I would recommend.
Sweet, works as expected!
Dries my hair incredibly quickly. What used to take 20 minutes now takes 5, it makes getting ready in the morning much more pleasant.
I like how it has a low, medium, and high setting.  (Havent bought a new dryer in a while:)  i just wish the concentrator was a bit thinner since that would cause less frizz.
This is the 4th time I've bought this dryer over the course of a several years. It does fail at some point, but at the constant daily use it gets. Still very worth the price, it's quite powerful and puts out more heat and airflow than others I've used. Very happy with it overall!
Great performance but they need work on the product painting, the paint started pilling after a few day's using the dryer but in general it's a great product for the price
I am so excited by this dryer. It much quieter than my old one and dries my hair super fast without feeling dried out.
Dryer is extremely heavy!  Not as hot or strong as other comparably priced dryers.  Buttons are easy to accidentally press while drying.  Returned it after trying it once.
Excellent and very durable hairdryer. This is a heavy quality dryer; no cheap light-weight plastic here. Comes with 2 attachments. Would be nice if it came with a retractable cord, but money well spent nonetheless.
It isn't the stronger dryer I have used, but it is very adequate and it is easy to handle. The shipping was quick and perfect. So If your dryer dies This was a great substitute!! Thank you.
Great! Its light, efficient and has a super cute design. Its even easier to use than my mom's expensive hair dryer.
I had a Remington dryer before this that lasted 5 years. I have thick, super long hair, so I needed something powerful that wouldn't leave my arms sore from an hour's worth of styling. My old hair dryer did the job in less than 15 minutes - it was miraculous.<br /><br />The new line stinks, period. Instead of staying consistently hot, it cycles through heat settings (including cold). The cord is also much shorter than before - a pain for tall women. The newest development with my dryer is sparks SHOOTING OUT from the dryer INTO my hair. Um, hello?! I've had this for 8 months, and I use it anywhere from 1-3 times a week for 20 minutes or less.<br /><br />Two stars because it is still fairly powerful, and drying time isn't insanely long. I want to love this dryer... I just wish the old version was still available.
I've owned and used this dryer daily for the last 12 years. Works well on my wavy average thick hair. Its sturdy and dang near indestructible because its been dropped plenty of times. I've never considered getting a different one until recently, I think the motor is about to give up the ghost because it shoots out sparks (not to worry, I have not started on fire or lost any hair) but I am noticing more frizz than I have in the past. Only complaint is that the filter can not be completely removed to clean it out (has a cover but it doesn't really do much, lots of lint still gets in there). We have to use a q-tip and canned air spray to try and remove the lint. I am going to upgrade and see what that gets me. Buying: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00SKQFT4I/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o00_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1 Will let you know how it compares in a week or so.
Excellent, but noisier than I thought.
Has great power - just what I was looking for.
Sturdy, not heavy and easy to use.
This hair dryer has a a short cord and you have to have it close too a plug. The other other issue is the on and off switch and the temperature level are too close to where you hold the dryer and the buttons switch on and off all the time.  It's hard to hold the dryer.
Very short cord, was expecting much longer.
With three teenage girls in the house, the hair dryer gets a lot of use. A LOT OF USE. We've blown through quite a few hairdryers - no pun intended. This one however, seems to be the clear winner. As a stylishly bald man, I can't personally vouch for it, but the female testimonials are unanimous... this is an excellent product.<br /><br />Full disclosure: the dog isn't a big fan, but she doesn't like baths much either, so can'r be surprised.
Works okay, but very heavy!
Good air flow. Fairly quiet. Seems like good construction. Location of the buttons makes them easy to switch unintentionally. I think this is a winner at around twenty six bucks delivered.
Does what its suppose to do, like the ability to clean it.
wasn't what I expected.  Thought it would have been more powerful.
I have had the Remington blow dryer for 5 years but unfortunately I left it at my daughters home.  I have called a few times to get her to ship it back but she keeps forgetting so I bought another.  Love it just as well as my older one and looks the same except for color.  Found out my daughter loved the blow dryer which is why she kept forgetting to mail it back to me.  We both would recommend this hair blower....especially if you have thick hair like we do.  It works great.
For the price this is a good drier. It did get a little heavy while I was drying my hair. But I did think my hair looked shinier after. I would not call it professional quality by any means. I would say it is worth it if you're just looking for a good cheap hair dryer.
Drys my hair fast and effectively:)
i had a &#34;professional&#34; hair dryer and it broke, i picked this one based on the reviews and the price and i love it. it takes me 15 min to dry my medium hair and it doesnt cause a lot of frizz.
I like the silky feel this hair dryer gives my hair.  I bought the same kind to replace an old one.
As advertised, works great MUCH faster than my precious dryer. The buttons on the handle are a bit awkward but I'll get used to it.
Love the diverse settings! Does a great job of drying my thick hair quicker than other dryers I have tried.
Works like it should.
I had a really old hair dryer.  So this one to me is awesome!!  It's not too noisy and it dries my hair quickly.
Best hair dryer ever
Excellent product and it is exactly as described by the seller!
it's not very powerfull but it woks properly
Good quality. Very pretty. Powerful. Only complaint is its kinda heavy so after a while it kinda hurts my hand. But I guess it's not really a problem since it dries my hair pretty quick.
Quiet yet efficient.
The only con is the weight. It's pretty heavy but it works perfectly.
Very good blow dryer! I usually buy very cheap ones but splurged a little this time. Love it! It is a little heavier than I'm used to.
I love this hair dryer!  It is quieter than my older Conair.  It has nice speed/temperature settings that blow dry quickly without as much damage. I can dry my below shoulder length hair with the medium heat/air setting in less than 10 minutes. My hair is soft and easy to style, plus attachments stay on tight. I will buy Remington from now on.
This dryer is &#34;ok&#34; I was hoping for something a little more powerful than what I already had. It gets the job done but no quicker than my other blow dryer...in fact I feel like it takes my hair a bit longer to try.  And it is HEAVY. After reading the great reviews, I guess I was hoping for something more than it actually was--which is a regular &#34;ok&#34; hair dryer.
Quiet and quick. My old hairdryer was a screamer and I got this one because I was developing tinnitus and everything I read suggested controlling decibels was important.  The buttons are right where you grip the handle, so it takes a little getting used to placing fingers so you're not changing your settings.  My hair is smoother.
I love this blow dryer.  It dries my hair, which is very thick in very little time.  High quality, especially compared to the blow dryers you can buy in the local market.
It doesn't feel cheap and I like how the top is long enough that my hair (I have mid-length hair) doesn't get sucked into the back of it where the fan is. Buttons are easy to work with, better than those you have slide up and down.
love it! heavy and durable hair dryer
I love this hair dryer.  It is very quiet but strong.  It puts out an amazing amount of heat.  The only negative thing I can say is that the buttons are right where my fingers are and sometimes I shut it off.
The most awful hair dryer ever. Very Heavy and the hot almost burnt my hair. Make a light weight product Remington!!!
Nice hair dryer for the price, but it wasn't anything special and seemed quite basic.  I didn't feel as though my hair dried any faster or looked any different than the old basic hair dryer I've been using for the past 5 years or so.  I do like the color and the fact that the cord is quite a bit shorter than the cord on my old hair dryer.
I love this hair dryer! It comes with two attachments which help keep the heat damage to hair at a minimum. The design is aesthetically pleasing and easy to use. It heats evenly and does a fantastic job. It is high quality for a great price. I recommend this product.
This is a great hairdryer. Very pleased, even if it is a slight pink.
I absolutely love this hair dryer. It's super cute, sleek and looks professional. It has a lot of functions and it drys my hair fast.
This is a great, powerful and affordable hair dryer. It really shortened dry time significantly. I purchased one for my daughter, but ended up getting 2 more for me and my mom. We all love it.
I noticed less static in my hair after the first time of using! I also notice more body if I use moose. It is a little heavier than a normal hair dryer but I have no problem putting up with that if it makes my hair look better! I also thought the price was great compared to other dryers of its likeness.
Not as strong as i expected
Wife loves it and says its one of the better dryers that she has used..
Great product, can't beat that price!
Best, most powerful blow dryer ever!
This blow dryer works great.  It never frizzes my hair and the temperature control settings are really nice! It is not too heavy and I can easily dry my long hair without getting a workout! I also really enjoy the color. Awesome product!
A far cry from the Remington hairdryer I have had for 10 years but an acceptable backup.  The diffuser is crap and the fan speed and heat settings are way too slow/low to dry as quickly as my previous dryer.  Another hairdryer to add to the collection bin.
i am completely satisfied, i have a long, strong, thick hair, and it works for me as good as  the proffessional blowers i used to have. I just hope it last. I like it very much. Good price, very light, even the colors of this hair blower are nice and they delivered on time. Thanks.
Dries my long hair in about 10 minutes
I like it but the lady of the house would like a smaller one easier to manuver
This is AMAZING!  Dries my hair very fast and it's so shiny when I'm done.  The only negative is that it's pretty heavy, but I'll just chalk that up to an arm workout!  :)
This is really heavy, pretty quiet for the size
Works great, absolutely love it!
Love this quiet, efficient dryer!!
My old Remington ProAir Ceramic just died and I purchased this as what I had hoped would be a suitable replacement. Not even close. The airflow is too forceful. Even on low this dryer whips my long straight hair into a tangled mess. The nozzle is too narrow so it further concentrates the airflow. The dryer is on the heavy side for it's compact size..The high heat setting gets way too hot. Even low, once it heats up, seems excessive.<br /><br />It's going back.
great so far -- It has great power and heat.
It shoots sparks fairly often. Kind of scary.
This hair dryer is quiet, powerful and hot. Looks good, easy to handle. Very happy.
Black and pink. I couldn't tell from the pictures it was black and pink so I gave it to my wife. She is happy with it.
I got this to replace an ancient hairdryer that just wasn't working well anymore.  This is a wonderful hairdryer!  I can dry my hair quickly and it has all the possible settings that I'll ever need.  I am totally happy with this!
My wife has had this for almost 2 years and she likes it, still works just fine
I like this hair dryer.  I bought it based on reviews.  It is slightly heavier than my old one, but it's well balanced and is smaller, which I like.  As far as the placement of the buttons, I find that my thumb goes right between both buttons so when it's on, I don't move either button during use.  Quite happy with this purchase.
lots of power...works great
It works great. Love it!
I bought this for my wife, who has long, brunette curly hair.  She blow dries her hair every morning with a diffuser.  I bought this to replace her current Conair dryer from Target which is on its way out.  Unfortunately, the diffuser with this blow dryer is very small (just under 4 inches in diameter).  She dried her hair once with the unit and said it had to go back due to the small diffuser and that it took too long to dry her hair.<br /><br />As for the positive, she said it was quieter than the Conair unit it was supposed to replace.
I love it, it's not too heavy, not loud, the cored about 4ft, gives good heat, and leaves my hair soft and silky.
I hate most blow dryers.  They're either not hot enough or too expensive or they feel like they are blowing a soft spring breeze through my hair.  This one is perfect.  I have naturally wavy hair and blow it straight almost every day.  Either I'm loosing my mind or else this blow dryer really does make my hair feel softer.  Dries fast, too. Highly recommend.
Great dryer, relatively quite, but heavy.
dries fantastically and leaves my hair shiny
A top tier home hair dryer.  It has all the features:  More heat, at 1875 watts  ---  Salon quality motor - up to 40% more air flow and three times the service life  ---  Ceramic pearl technology (Ceramics for even heating, and infused with crushed pearls which transfer to hair)  ---  Ionic generator to bathe hair with positive ions  ---  Concentrator and diffuser blower attachments  ---  Three heat settings, two fan speeds, and a cool shot feature.<br /><br />I don't use hair dryers.  My wife does, and when she broke her old Remington T/Studio, she would have nothing but another T/Studio as a replacement.  By the way, this dryer has a 4 year warranty, so keep your receipt.  (In our case, the dryer was about 2 years old but we no longer had the receipt, and the breakage was due to her dropping it and the fan speed switch physically broke . . . so I appropriated the old dryer, wired the fan speed to permanent high and the old hair dryer now resides in my workbench to serve as my hot air gun when I need one).<br /><br />Not cheap, but a very high end dryer and worth the price for us.  By the way, the Amazon price was by far the best we could find at the time we bought this replacement.
Can I just say that this is my SECOND hair dryer by Remington? I loved my first one so much that I wore it out! (A one to many drops on the floor after a few years)
works well so far.  temp not as warm as I would have expected compared to other manufacturers' products; and the air velocity not as good even with concentrator - but acceptable. 4 not 5 stars.
Loved the products and very pleased with the quick delivery.
This hairdryer is very heavy and difficult to hold with one hand. I didn't notice anything special about the way it dries my hair. Other, cheaper hairdryers work just as well or better.
Bought it for my wife because her cheap hairdryer was extremely loud and woke me up.  This one is awesome.  Super quiet and she loves it.  It is quiet enough that we can actually talk while she drys her hair.  That would never have happened with the old dryer.  She says it takes about 5 minutes longer to dry her hair, but that is because she only uses it on medium heat.  High heat is very hot and she is afraid it will hurt her hair.
Enjoy the settings for heat and power. Very sturdy. I have dropped it and the rubbery plastic is unscathed. It is a bit heavier than others, but it seems well-made
It only worked for 6 weeks.
Purchased as a gift for my roommate. She likes it. It is quiet, not too heavy, & dries quickly. She stated that it was a bit large, but she was previously using a travel size as her everyday dryer.
The speed and heat settings being separate are nice. The anti-static seems to work, compared with my 8-year-old dryer my hair doesn't frizz up as much.
My previous Remington dryer (which I loved) died after a few years, so it was time for a new one.  The good reviews seemed legit for this one & I have the matching Remington Pearl Straightener, so I went for it.  BACKROUND:  I have long, thick, wavy, blonde hair that I wash & straighten every 3 days or so.  PROS:  I like the looks of this dryer & it dries my hair.  Other than that, this dryer is horrible!  CONS:  It is the heaviest dryer I have ever owned, the buttons are so awkwardly placed that it is difficult to get a good grip w/out changing a setting, & it takes a long time to dry my hair (much longer than my last few dryers).<br /><br />Why did so many people rave about this?  I don't get it.  I would return this if I could, but I already demolished the box.  Booooo!
great
great
Great
great
great